[EN] update Service Mesh (#3511)
cncf/glossary: content/en/service-mesh.md

## How it helps

> Service meshes add reliability, observability, and security features 

Author: ```suggestion
Service meshes add reliability, observability, and security features 
```
Reverting unintended edit.

> Service meshes add reliability, observability, and security features

Author: ```suggestion
Service meshes add reliability, observability, and security features 
```
Reverting unintended edit.

uniformly across all services across a cluster without requiring code changes. 
Before service meshes, that functionality had to be encoded into every single service, 
becoming a potential source of bugs and technical debt.

> In the [Sidecar Container](/sidecar-container/) model, each microservice pod is paired with its own proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the [Sidecar Container](/sidecar-container/) model, 
each microservice pod is paired with its own proxy. 
This per-service proxy intercepts and manages network traffic, 
enforce security policies, balance workloads, and collect performance data for each individual service. 
While this approach offers excellent control and service-specific traffic management, 
it also uses more computing resources and becomes more complex to manage as your system grows.
```

This per-service proxy intercepts L3-L7 traffic, enforcing load-balancing, mutual TLS, 

> tracing and metrics on a fine-grained basis.

Author: @Sonichigo, I think we can simplify this. I'm not sure I'd expect a general glossary reader to know about L3-L7 traffic, or mutual TLS.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, I agree. This is too complicated IMHO. Also, I would vote for a different line beginning. We using the same start of the sentence as the 2 sentences before.

Reviewer: > Yeah, I agree. This is too complicated IMHO. Also, I would vote for a different line beginning. We using the same start of the sentence as the 2 sentences before.

I have updated the content from line +32 to +36. Just to be sure, you mean the intro sentence which is "This per-service proxy intercepts and manages network traffic,"

Reviewer 2: I think if you remove the redundant part it should be fine :)

While this approach offers maximal policy flexibility and service-specific routing,
it also incurs additional CPU and memory overhead for every proxy and increases operational complexity as the mesh grows.

A **Sidecarless** design, on the other hand,
runs data-plane logic directly in the Linux kernel and combines mesh functionality into a small group of host-level agents that make use of kernel features like [eBPF](/ebpf/).

> By doing away with per-pod proxies, this method drastically reduces resource usage and removes unnecessary network hops,
> which lowers latency and boosts performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By doing away with per-pod proxies,
this method drastically reduces resource usage and removes unnecessary network hops,
which lowers latency and boosts performance.
```

> which lowers latency and boosts performance.

Reviewer 3: The line break here is strange.

Author: I agree. Semantic breaks wise, I think it could go a couple ways, above is one, alternatively:

```
By doing away with per-pod proxies,
this method drastically reduces resource usage and removes unnecessary network hops,
which lowers latency and boosts performance.
```

or, maybe just put it all on one line:

```
By doing away with per-pod proxies, this method drastically reduces resource usage and removes unnecessary network hops, which lowers latency and boosts performance.

Reviewer: one line would be most common one based on the semantic, but based on #3492, first is fit, i'll make changes and fix the file once and update the PR by eod.

> Because overhead remains constant regardless of pod count and there are tewer agents to deploy,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Because overhead remains constant regardless of pod count and there are fewer agents to deploy,
```

uniformly across all services across a cluster without requiring code changes. 
Before service meshes, that functionality had to be encoded into every single service, 
becoming a potential source of bugs and technical debt.

The [Sidecar Container](/sidecar-container/) model pairs each [pod](/pod/) with a proxy.
This per-service proxy intercepts and manages network traffic, 
enforce security policies, balance workloads, 
and collect performance data for each individual service. 
While this approach offers excellent control and service-specific traffic management,
it also uses more computing resources and becomes more complex to manage as your system grows.

A **Sidecarless** design, on the other hand,
moves the networking work into the operating system and combines mesh functionality into a small group of host-level agents that make use of kernel features like [eBPF](/ebpf/).
By doing away with per-pod proxies,
this method drastically reduces resource usage and removes unnecessary network hops,
which lowers latency and boosts performance.
Because overhead remains constant regardless of pod count and there are fewer agents to deploy,

> teams benefit from simplified operations and linear scalability as service numbers increase.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
teams benefit from simplified operations and linear scalability as workload increases.
```

uniformly across all services across a cluster without requiring code changes. 
Before service meshes, that functionality had to be encoded into every single service, 
becoming a potential source of bugs and technical debt.

In the [Sidecar Container](/sidecar-container/) model, 

> each microservice pod is paired with its own proxy. 

Author: ```suggestion
each microservice [pod](/pod/) is paired with its own proxy. 
```

> In the [Sidecar Container](/sidecar-container/) model, 
> each microservice pod is paired with its own proxy. 

Author: ```suggestion
The [Sidecar Container](/sidecar-container/) model pairs each [pod](/pod/) with a proxy.
```

> In the [Sidecar Container](/sidecar-container/) model, 
> each microservice pod is paired with its own proxy. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Sidecar Container](/sidecar-container/) model pairs each [pod](/pod/) with a proxy.
```

This per-service proxy intercepts and manages network traffic, 
enforce security policies, balance workloads, 
and collect performance data for each individual service. 
While this approach offers excellent control and service-specific traffic management,
it also uses more computing resources and becomes more complex to manage as your system grows.
While this approach offers maximal policy flexibility and service-specific routing,

> it also incurs additional CPU and memory overhead for every proxy and increases operational complexity as the mesh grows.

Author: I'd suggest merging these two sentences, they start of identically and are repeating a similar idea.

Reviewer: Line +37 to +38 shouldn't be there! I'll add the suggestion to remove them.

> While this approach offers maximal policy flexibility and service-specific routing,
> it also incurs additional CPU and memory overhead for every proxy and increases operational complexity as the mesh grows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

A **Sidecarless** design, on the other hand,

> runs data-plane logic directly in the Linux kernel and combines mesh functionality into a small group of host-level agents that make use of kernel features like [eBPF](/ebpf/).

Author: An opportunity to simplify (if this is still technically correct):
```suggestion
moves the networking work into the operating system and combines mesh functionality into a small group of host-level agents that make use of kernel features like [eBPF](/ebpf/).
```

> runs data-plane logic directly in the Linux kernel and combines mesh functionality into a small group of host-level agents that make use of kernel features like [eBPF](/ebpf/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
moves the networking work into the operating system and combines mesh functionality into a small group of host-level agents that make use of kernel features like [eBPF](/ebpf/).
```

uniformly across all services across a cluster without requiring code changes. 
Before service meshes, that functionality had to be encoded into every single service, 
becoming a potential source of bugs and technical debt.

In the [Sidecar Container](/sidecar-container/) model, 
each microservice pod is paired with its own proxy. 
This per-service proxy intercepts and manages network traffic, 
enforce security policies, balance workloads, 
and collect performance data for each individual service. 
While this approach offers excellent control and service-specific traffic management,
it also uses more computing resources and becomes more complex to manage as your system grows.

> This per-service proxy intercepts L3-L7 traffic, enforcing load-balancing, mutual TLS, 
> tracing and metrics on a fine-grained basis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Reviewer: @iamNoah1 I have removed the part

While this approach offers maximal policy flexibility and service-specific routing,

> it also incurs additional CPU and memory overhead for every proxy and increases operational complexity as the mesh grows.

Reviewer: @nate-double-u this paragraph can be removed since the content was simplified just in above paragraph.

Reviewer 2: @Sonichigo can you please remove by adding a suggestion :)
